Hello dear swami friends again
mister cake today i would like you
tell about the command window blocks
blocks so hesitated yelling and here
command block I connected to it once
tom signal as you see here i have 947
pressing 1000 and so it is possible to infinity
until the very last lava comes and
so here it is so something dark
let's do the day yes now the day
and now it's better to let the day because
light birds sing and we have that yes i'm joking
hardcore is our grandson and i'm a mode
is my new adventure my gaming
mode has been updated
No, I want to survive your game mode
has been updated from day to day survival and
now press the most recent button and
this is creative code creative i adore
creative and let's put in the night not
night and something we lack monsters
press the button now to dofigischa
awesome breath see because I
put the mode difficult and i want less
god i will do ok no i want
even less mobs I put the easy mode
and I want no mobs at all
the boy is not needed and now I will show you
and tell you how it all de
do to make yourself a lot
experience we write wand xp we need
number and dog and and nose to do
day we write time set 25000 to
make the night we write time set 16000 this
we do not remember that it seems to be modes
me water
to put a gay bot writes game at ua
dog pi to make a survival mode
need to write
gay with zero kyupi
to make adventure mode then
there is a hardcore we write game mod 2 kyupi and
move on difficulty we write difficulty 3
this is the most difficult difficulty owl difficult
complexity then to make normal
write difficulty duan to do not
I remember a normal light under a light
difficulty to disable altogether
moloch we write difficulty 0 and so here
Here are the commands that minecraft is very
a lot of garbage
By the way what else can command block
he can teleport but this party
porting you can see another
I told the video how to teleport
yourself and you can still issue items to
your dream of giving out items not even
going into a game mod we write for example and
button for example we want us
was given one diamond sword remembers 276
and write give UPI 276
yes it will work or may not
work
davos turnover now we have
diamond sword
can now kill everyone to pieces starting
and so you can with all the items and you
you can as many as you like
to do this we still have a team
even for an example by the way this
for example in order to full hd
this is how to do the seim we write full
hd full hd and so can he write
team i don't remember how to exhibit
or like for example that went
I do not remember no Ukraine will try now
do like this
garden for example, let the site be
dashes well, it seems I told you
about all that is what you need and what
subscribe to channel like with
you was mister cake all good luck to all
until